Add Code Completion (#246)
compiler-research/CppInterOp: lib/Interpreter/CMakeLists.txt

  BinaryFormat
  Core
  Object
  OrcJit
  Support
)

> if ("LLVMFrontendDriver" IN_LIST LLVM_AVAILABLE_LIBS)
>   set(LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS ${LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS} FrontendDriver)
> endif()
> if ("LLVMOrcDebugging" IN_LIST LLVM_AVAILABLE_LIBS)
>   set(LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS ${LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS} OrcDebugging)
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# FIXME: Investigate why this needs to be conditionally included.
if ("LLVMFrontendDriver" IN_LIST LLVM_AVAILABLE_LIBS)
  list(APPEND LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS  FrontendDriver)
endif()
if ("LLVMOrcDebugging" IN_LIST LLVM_AVAILABLE_LIBS)
  list(APPEND LLVM_LINK_COMPONENTS OrcDebugging)
endif()
```
